dnsdomainname: add page (#11450)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/dnsdomainname.md

# dnsdomainname

> Show the system's DNS domain name.

> > The tool uses `gethostname` to get the host name of the system and then `getaddrinfo` to resolve it into a canonical name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: The tool uses `gethostname` to get the hostname of the system and then `getaddrinfo` to resolve it into a canonical name.
```
